<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ta-browse">
    <title>How to Preview and Browse Classroom Spaces on AirClassroom</title>
    <shortdesc>In order to have the best experience on AirClassroom, finding the ideal space is crucial.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The AirClassroom site has several filters that let you narrow your results to more accurately match your preferences.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the main page, enter your zip code and date of rental.</cmd>
                <info>You should see a listing of all available spaces for your selected date and location.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <note>On the left side of the screen, there's a set of drop-down menus that function as filters.</note>
                <cmd>Select any number of filters according to your preferences, and the site will automatically update to only show spaces that fulfill all of your preferences.</cmd>
                <stepxmp>For example, filter by projector availability. If you select "yes" from the drop-down menu, your list of spaces will shrink to only include those that have a projector available for use.</stepxmp>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on a listing that you think is a good fit for what you're looking for.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Browse the room's listing page to get an idea of what it's like.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click on the left and right arrows below the image in the center to scroll through all of the images of that particular space.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Scroll down the page to see the specifications listing, where you can double check a space's amentites you may not be able to see from the pictures alone.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
